[Music]
you spend on the summer with the aunty
Bob sending me away for the summer what
a cliche yeah
wait no okay okay
[Music]
can you take me home look she gave me
man okay hey yourself
it's open you sure guess who got lucky I
can't get around my mind
[Music]
what would you say if I told you I
wanted to start so we what's this one
that's a zip more people bought these my
life will be a lot easier we should sell
more of those the problem is dealing
dime bags teenagers we need customers
who buy in bulk you didn't know how to
use a bomb and now you're trying to tell
me how to flip week I have something
even looking for you know you're not
cops Josh a good question the cops can't
do that
sit down any more money to be the rest
of ever see anything shady right Daisy
sweetheart
play something celebratory
happens every song Munir so heavy
campaign
the night's turn long sleepless any mom
cooler times even know where it is it's
gonna tear you apart can't hold on
everything I think some things you care
and I hope you're gonna bang her
[Music]